How to set up and use GitHub Forks - Branches - Pull Requests--
Jordan & Sara should be familiar with this and be able to help their groups.
We do not have to decide to do this, but it may make writing code easier.

Step 1:  Fork GitHub Repository
		This can be done through the GitHub website, visit the MCLACS/CSCI452-Public
		repository, and just click Fork in the upper right hand side of the screen.

		You may have to remove your original clone if you'd like this to be in the same folder
		as your original CSCI452-Public repository.

		git clone "address of forked repository" in the directory you'd like the new repository to live.

Step 2:  Make New Branch
		This is where you will work on your task, generally you name the branch with the Task Name, but
		can also be named with a short description of what you're doing with the branch.

		NOTE:  Before you do this, you should switch to your Master Branch on your fork
			git checkout master

		You will want to make sure that your branch you are about to make is up to date with the Master Project Repository.
		You can do this by running the following command.
			git pull upstream master

		You can now create your new branch.
			git checkout -b "Branch Name"

		You view your branches:
			git branch

		If you are switching to a branch that already exists:
			git checkout "Branch Name"

Step 3:  Push Branch to GitHub
		This is where you will submit your changes, and prepare to submit a pull request.

		git add .
			Can alternatively also add the files yourself rather than using "." for add all.
		git commit -m "Commit Message"
		git push origin "Branch Name"
			This will push it to your Forked Repository

Step 4:  Submit Pull Request
		This is where you will request for your branch to be merged with the Master branch.  To do this, you visit
		your Forked Repository.  There should be the branch you pushed up with the button to the right that says to
		submit pull request.  Click that, it lets you review your changes, then you can click submit.

		Now everyone can see your code and review it if we choose to do a review process.  There is also a way to see if
		there will be any merge conflicts, so they can be resolved easier rather than running into a bunch of problems with
		multiple groups trying to submit code.

Step 5:  Merge Pull Request
		This is easy to do, at the bottom of the pull request on GitHub there will be a merge button.  Click that and
		the code will be merged into the Master Branch.

Step 6:  Start New Task
		Repeat steps 2-5.
